[Applause]
what's the prognosis fertile Myrtle - or
flus Merida's little pink plus sign is
so unholy that ain't no I just sketch
this is one doodle that can't be undid
homes Gillett just tell him I'm pregnant
who's the father its Paulie Bleeker holy
bleep
but if they got it in I know right did
you see that coming
yeah but I was hoping she was expelled
her into her drugs for a DWI anything
but this I could like have this baby and
give it to someone that like totally
needs it you should look at the
Pennysaver they have ads for parents
yeah desperately seeking spun
hi I'm Vanessa hi my husband this of
course is Juno like the city in Alaska
no you're a part-time lover and a
full-time friend come on when this is
all over then we can always get back
together oh we're way together yeah we
were a boy once you know at time you
think you're really gonna do this if I
could just have the thing and give it to
you now I totally would but I'm guessing
it looks probably like a sea monkey
right now should let it go a little
cuter right great keep it in the oven
Fox Searchlight Pictures presents a
comedy about life but I thought you were
the kind of girl who knew when to say
when I don't know what kind of girl I am
and the bumps along the way
your little girlfriend gave me the
stink-eye in art class yesterday is not
my girlfriend all right and I doubt that
she gave you the stink eye that's just
the way her face looks you know that's
just her face I don't know if I'm even
ready to be a father
yeah big puffy version of junebug we've
been start dealing with things way
beyond my maturity level
[Music]
I need to know that it's possible that
two people can stay happy together
forever
the best thing you can do is find a
person who loves you for exactly what
you are you know your parents are
probably wondering where you are I mean
I'm already pregnant so what other kind
of shenanigans could I get into
[Music]